Charlton headed this match with Watford
knowing that a win will ensure
championship safety they stand just two
points about the relegation zone but
three points here at the valley will put
them beyond the reach of Millwall and
Doncaster Rovers below them miss Harriet
to run here
trust the chute as well oh what a good
goal that is the twenty-year-old with
his first goal of the season and how
valuable could that be the ball forward
hit towards Dini
very nicely thinks about the shot does
have the shot oh what a girl that is
it's spectacular from Troy Deeney his
24th goal of the season and he's got
Watford back into it here towards
Jackson who has a swipe he has another
go and he bundles it home Charlton
regained the lead Jackson with the
second
Harriett gets it what a strike that is
in this massive game for chart and
athletic and does that insured
championship safety now don't snow Regas
men have not won at home in their last
three league outings they look as if
they go to write that today and things
might get worse here for Watford now
berry era has already been booked Annie
sent off deep into injury time now all
set for two Charlton Athletic and that
is that it's relief for Jose Rico and
his staff as well as the home faithful
here at the valley they will be playing
championship football next season this
win leaves them five points clear the
relegation zone with just one game still
to play